Peppa and George are having a
sleepover at Granny and Grandpa’s house.
Granny pig!
Hello~ my little ones!
Bye bye ,see you later.
Bye bye mommy.
Come and see where you
are going to sleep tonight.
This was mommy pig’s room
when she was a little piggy.
In the old times!
And this is the bed mommy slept on.
Oh, bouncy bed
You are just like your
mommy when she was little.
Did mommy bounce on the bed?
Of course!
But mommy tells us
not to bounce on the beds.
When mommy was a little piggy,
she was cheeky just like you.
Was she?
Yes! Now let’s go and
see grandpa pig in the garden.
Grandpa pig!
Hello Peppa, Hello George,
Come and see my carrots.
Grandpa pig is very proud of his vegetables.
Wow
And here are my peas.
Ohhh
But best of
all are my lettuces .Oh, No!My lettuces!
I think the birds
have eaten them, grandpa
Yes, birds!
Why did you miss the
scarecrows scare them away?
Because the birds that
ate my lettuces are very stupid!
What’s the matter, grandpa pig?
Your friends have been
eating my vegetables again!
Which friends?
Tom! Dick! And Henry!
Those are bad names.
Grand pig has chickens.
Wow~~
Say hello to Jemima, Sarah and Vanessa
Hello~
And here is Naval.
Is Naval a boy chicken?
Yes, Peppa. He is a cockerel~
He is the worst,
scratching up my vegetables!
Naval would’t have to fly!
I’ve seen him each flies!
And he ate my lettuces!
You don’t want to eat
grandpa’s lettuce, do you?
Now there is pleasant lovely corn to eat!
Come on! This way home.
Peppa, George, would you
like to feed corn to the chickens?
Yes, please, granny.
Here you are, chickens. eat up.
Wow~ You’ve got a windy house.
That's the chicken cook.
It's where the chickens lay their eggs.
Eggs? I can't see any eggs?
Not now, but there will be eggs soon.
Woooo
It is bed time for Peppa and
George at granny and grandpa's house.
Have that chickens
laid their eggs yet granny?
Maybe in the morning, Peppa.
How will we know when it's morning?
Naval will tell us. Now go to sleep.
Nice night!
It is morning!
It's Naval!
Thank you for waking us up, Naval
Good morning,emima,Sarah, and Vanessa.
Do you have any eggs for us?
One Two Three Four, Four eggs, granny
Now we will have eggs for breakfast
Thank you,Jemima,Sarah, and Vanessa.
Boiled eggs for everyone
Hurray
Hmm, Delicious. Granny,
Your chickens make yummy eggs.
Yes! It's all that
the lovely corn they eat
And my lettuces....